Check the LICENSE file licensing details.

This is in the very early stages of development and should be considered
experimental.

h1. Getting it running

To get things up and running simply run the server.py Python script:

$ ./server.py

And visit http://localhost:4000/

h1. Developing

Everything you write will be in JavaScript.  The 2 Python scripts (make.py and
server.py) are to build and serve your code during development. It would be
very unwise to use the server.py script in production.

The entry point for the code is in apps/index.js.

In the public/index.html you will see <script src=""> tags to include the code.

* cocos2d.js is the main cocos2d framework.
* apps.js is the example code
* module.js is a static file in public/ and initialises everything.

In the future this setup will likely change.

If the server sees a request for a .js file it will attempt to compile one from
a folder with the same name. i.e. the apps.js request is actually the entire
contents of the 'apps' folder. This is obviously very insecure and should only
be used for development.

More documentation is coming when the framework is in a more usable state.

h1. Compiling your app

To compile your code you use the make.py script.

e.g.
  ./make.py -s src -f cocos2d.js
  ./make.py -s apps -f apps.js

h1. Browser Support

I intend for this to work in Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera and IE9. I
mostly develop using Chrome so that's likely to have the best compatibility
until I get close to an alpha quality build.

© 2010 Ryan Williams <cocos2d@ryanwilliams.org>
